---
layout: post
title:  "Alone"
date:   2024-06-14 03:52:22 -4444
categories: jekyll update
---

## Alone

As a side note before I start the post, I'm going to give the album, or song I'm listening to at the time of each post so everyone can find some new tunes.

*song of the post: Deftones - Beauty School*


I recently finished *Pulse (2001)*. Go watch it [here](https://archive.org/details/pulse-kairo-kiyoshi-kurosawa-2001-eng-sub-1301306804834#reviews)


I've got to say this is one of the best films I've ever seen to date. I won't spoil anything in this post so don't worry, however I will touch on some important themes
that resonated with me personally. These themes are death, and loneliness. Very original right? Joy inducing? You'd be correct. Morbidness aside however, this is something
I am very familiar with. I work alone on night shifts as a security researcher. One of my permanent clients are located next to a graveyard. I often will leave for work at
night, and stare into the graveyard. Now, I know what you're thinking, I'm psychotic? Yeah, it was super creepy the first few months I worked there, but then something shifted.
I began to feel a peace wash over me while staring at those graves lit up by the moonlight, still, quiet. So often we are scared of death, and its inevitability...but why?
I look at those stones, and people of past and I see solace, I see peace.


We humans are such a contradicting group. We are social creatures absolutely, but we also want our space, except when it's too much, and both need to be balanced, or we get irritated.
How strange... Due to the nature of my work, I am alone... a lot, most times way too much. I have a wonderful wife, a great dog, in short a family that I love. So, why do I find solace
when I am alone, while also finding solace in being with them, and others? This is that balancing act. For the past few years, this balance has been off. I've been isolating way too much,
and while I'm conscious of this fact, here we are. I am sitting in a pitch black room at 4am, typing a blog post to the dead internet. There are consequences to this drug called isolation...
here is the surgeon general label for you:

- depression
- insomnia
- lack of emotion
- existential dread
- breaks of irrational thinking
- lapse in social skills
- etc.

What is the point of doing this to yourself? I hear you ask. Any rational person would just take note of this, and regulate interaction into the equation. 

Here's the real kicker to it all...


*I'm talking about you, too.*


Loneliness, the same emotion that we've all been feeling, is an effect...with a root cause. In fact, its cause happens to be what I'm typing this out on right now. The modern computer. Technology, something
invented to bring us closer together is doing that exact opposite thing for which it was intended. I'm no anti-technology guy, I love my career, I love technology, too much in fact. I think it's
something to be said for generation z, that we are the first generation who were fully immersed into the internet, and yet we are that same generation seeing its consequences. I know now, that this
game has been a double edged sword from the start. I wasn't sold that going in though. I was sold that it was something that does nothing but make my life easier, and who wouldn't want that? Press
the button, turn on that screen, and the world is yours. What didn't occur to me as an adolescent, is the fact that there's a second part to that statement. Hold the button, and you die. 


*I am but a husk, searching to rebuild its pieces*


A melodramatic, melancholic, long winded explanation for moderation, but that's just my style. Cherish what you have here, eventually, that curtain will close, and in summation, Death... while peaceful 
to us bystanders, leaves us as just that, a husk. So, press that button... because this drug in moderation, saves lives, and can solve things we humans never thought possible. This drug in overindulgence, 
takes you with it.

